It was yesterday.
Zhang Ting gave me money
Let me trick Linza
And I killed him.
I have no enmity with him
And why did he do that?
Me.
I told him I like you
Enraged him
It never occurred to me.
My son's biological mother would be such a person
If it weren't for the accident 5 years ago
I won't have such a tangled relationship with him
The accident five years ago
You mean you accidentally slept with two people five years ago?
How can there be two?
He was the only one I slept with five years ago
Don't be angry.
I haven't been with anyone since then.
What do you mean?
Did you think R & F Hotel 603 five years ago
The person who stood with you one night was Zhang Ting
I never said 603.
You go